Tools:
-----------
Spotlight	: http://demo.dbpedia-spotlight.org/
TextRazor	: https://www.textrazor.com/demo
Stanford NER	: http://corenlp.run/
Open Calais	: http://www.opencalais.com/opencalais-demo/
AlchemyApi	: https://alchemy-language-demo.mybluemix.net/
DandelionApi	: https://dandelion.eu/semantic-text/entity-extraction-demo/
ANNIE		: http://services.gate.ac.uk/annie/
Meaning Cloud	: https://www.meaningcloud.com/demos/text-analytics-demo#


Abstract 1:
------------

We describe a red-shifted fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) pair optimized for dual-color fluorescence lifetime imaging (FLIM). This pair utilizes a newly developed FRET donor, monomeric cyan-excitable red fluorescent protein (mCyRFP1), which has a large Stokes shift and a monoexponential fluorescence lifetime decay. When used together with EGFP-based biosensors, the new pair enables simultaneous imaging of the activities of two signaling molecules in single dendritic spines undergoing structural plasticity. 

BIOCHEMISTRY AND CELL BIOLOGY

Abstract 2:
------------

A Laplacian eigenfunction on a two-dimensional manifold dictates some natural partitions of the manifold; the most apparent one being the well studied nodal domain partition. An alternative partition is revealed by considering a set of distinguished gradient flow lines of the eigenfunction—those which are connected to saddle points. These give rise to Neumann domains. We establish complementary definitions for Neumann domains and Neumann lines and use basic Morse homology to prove their fundamental topological properties. We study the eigenfunction restrictions to these domains. Their zero set, critical points and spectral properties allow to discuss some aspects of counting the number of Neumann domains and estimating their geometry.

PURE MATHEMATICS

Abstract 3:
------------

In this article, we formulate the problem of optimum joint replica server deployment and content placement in urban content delivery networks as a bi‐objective binary integer programming model namely JSSRPP. The proposed formulation results in an optimum design such that the miss ratio of requests, the client response time and the cost of server deployment are minimised. In practice, the popularity of files may change over the course of time, thus, a novel adaptive file replacement algorithm namely UDCR is also proposed in which files are scored according to different criteria including the time and the number of recent requests and the size of requested files. Then, in discrete points of time, the files with the lowest score are replaced with the one experiencing the highest number of misses. Results of extensive simulation study with NS‐2, confirms that the hit ratio of UDCR approaches that of JSSRPP in steady state.

COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES


Abstract 4:
------------

Stochastic process-based models are developed to characterize the generation and growth of metal-loss corrosion defects on oil and gas steel pipelines. The generation of corrosion defects over time is characterized by the non-homogenous Poisson process, and the growth of depths of individual defects is modeled by the non-homogenous gamma process (NHGP). The defect generation and growth models are formulated in a hierarchical Bayesian framework, whereby the parameters of the models are evaluated from the in-line inspection (ILI) data through the Bayesian updating by accounting for the probability of detection (POD) and measurement errors associated with the ILI data. The Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) simulation in conjunction with the data augmentation (DA) technique is employed to carry out the Bayesian updating. Numerical examples that involve simulated ILI data are used to illustrate and validate the proposed methodology.

STATISTICS


Abstract 5:
------------

Plateau lakes are important ecosystems with diverse ecological functions. Cyanobacteria play a key role in plateau lakes as primary producers. However, they are threatening when dense blooms occur. Identifying cyanobacteiral biogeography and the mechanism of assembly processes shaping the distribution of cyanobacteria in plateau lakes is critical for understanding cyanobacterial ecology and applying it to lake management. In the present study, the biogeographic pattern and importance of neutral and niche processes in assembly of cyanobacteria in 21 lakes on Yungui Plateau, China were examined. Results showed that cyanobacteria exhibit unique biogeographic pattern, and most of them have a narrow habitat preference in plateau lakes. They were assembled via niche processes driven by water physicochemical property, lake morphology and watershed land-use, which explained 62.4% of the biological variation. Neutral processes were not at play. Water physicochemical property (key variables - dissolved oxygen, salinity, trophic status and pH) was the most dominant driver shaping its unique biogeographic pattern. Watershed land-use especially urban land, water body and agricultural land also exhibited a strong impact on cyanobacterial distribution, followed by lake morphology. As most of the cyanobacteiral genus detected in these plateau lakes were potential toxin-producers, this study indicated that in order to protect waters from toxic-bloom in the future, reducing nutrient loading and land-use practices are two practical approaches in plateau lake management.

ECOLOGY
